{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red234\green234\blue234;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red75\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\csgray\c0;
\cssrgb\c37255\c0\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17200\viewh9720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I want to develop an iPhone app to facilitate sourcing of any kind of home projects by collaborating with neighbors around you to get the best deal possible from vendors. \
For this we will need a list of vendors with their name, Contact number, Category, Servicing Zip Code.\
The idea is that when a user searches for a particular service, like Plumbing, Fencing, Handyman, Painting, etc. It should search the database to find out if there are any vendors already engaged in that service in their neighborhood and work with them to provide this service to this user at a discounted price.\
I want to start of with prototyping the user experience and slowly build from there.\
Provide all the To Do tasks to achieve this and ask me questions to understand the requirements and also summarize what you have understood\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 Let is now address the scenario where there are no vendors currently working in the neighborhood for the service I am requesting.\
Provide a high level design on how this can be addressed. My thoughts are as follows.\
\
The search should just show all the vendors providing that service within 50 miles radius from the requester\'92s zip code. \
From then on it should be the same flow as the previous one\
\
What is your assessment on this?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1   
\f2\b \cf2 Suggested Technical Implementation for Prototype:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
   \cf2 1. 
\f2\b Refine Search Logic:
\f1\b0  If \cf5 filteredVendors.length === 0\cf2  for that zip, search for 
\f3\i any
\f1\i0  vendor in that category across all zips. Show the top 5 vendors from the search result. User should be able to sort the vendors by ratings, distance from current location.\cf4 \
   \cf2 2. 
\f2\b Updated Detail Modal:
\f1\b0  If no \cf5 activeProject\cf2  is found, the modal shows a 
\f2\b "Start Neighborhood Deal"
\f1\b0  section instead of the "Neighbor Opportunity" box. - Makes sense\cf4 \
   \cf2 3. 
\f2\b New Badge:
\f1\b0  Add a blue badge for 
\f2\b "Service Available"
\f1\b0  to distinguish from the green 
\f2\b "Working at Alice's"
\f1\b0  badge. - Makes sense\
\
Please go ahead and implement the above 3 points
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Response from Vendor(s)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Recommendations from friends / neighbors\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}